README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="src/assets/MonokleLogoLight.svg#gh-light-mode-only" alt="Monokle Logo Light"/>
  <img src="src/assets/MonokleLogoDark.svg#gh-dark-mode-only" alt="Monokle Logo Dark" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://monokle.io">Website</a> |
  <a href="https://kubeshop.github.io/monokle/">Documentation</a> |
  <a href="https://discord.gg/uNuhy6GDyn">Discord</a> |
  <a href="https://kubeshop.io/blog">Blog</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  Welcome to Monokle 🧐 - your friendly desktop UI for managing k8s manifests!
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/releases/latest">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/kubeshop/monokle" alt="Latest Release" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/kubeshop/monokle" alt="License" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/kMJxmuYTMu">
    <img src="https://badgen.net/badge/icon/discord?icon=discord&label" alt="Discord" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/tags">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/kubeshop/monokle/monokle-build-nightly?label=nightly-build" alt="Nightly Build" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://snyk.io/test/github/kubeshop/monokle">
    <img src="https://snyk.io/test/github/kubeshop/monokle/badge.svg" alt="Snyk" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkFWg_S8eUA">
    <img src="docs/img/monokle-intro-thumbnail.png" alt="Monokle Overview" />
    <p align="center">Click on the image or this link to watch the "Intro to Monokle" short video (3 mins)</p>
  </a>
</p>

## Core Features

- ⚡ Quickly get a high-level view of your manifests, their contained resources and relationships
- 🖊️ Easily edit resources without having to learn or look up yaml syntax
- 🔨 Refactor resources with maintained integrity of names and references
- 📷 Preview and debug resources generated with kustomize or helm
- 🤝 Diff resources against your cluster and apply changes immediately
- 📚 Create multi-step forms using Monokle's templating system to quickly generate manifests
- 💡 And much more, check out the [Documentation](https://kubeshop.github.io/monokle/)

Read the [Feature Overview](https://kubeshop.github.io/monokle/features/) document or the [introductory blog-post](https://medium.com/kubeshop-i/hello-monokle-83ecb42f5d96) to get a quick intro and overview.

## Download & Install

| <p align="center">Windows                                                                  | <p align="center">macOS                                                                    | <p align="center">Linux                                                                                                  |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| <p align="center"><img src="docs/img/windows.svg" height="50" width="50" /></p>            | <p align="center"><img src="docs/img/macos.svg" height="50" width="50" /></p>              | <p align="center"><img src="docs/img/linux.svg" height="50" width="50" /></p>                                            |
| <a href="https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/releases/latest">Download</a> the `.exe` file | <a href="https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/releases/latest">Download</a> the `.dmg` file | <a href="https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/releases/latest">Download</a> the `.appImage`/`.deb` file for your platform |

## Roadmap

There is a lot of functionality currently being considered:

- Creation of resources/projects - see [Resource creation/manipulation](https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/projects/4)
- Improved Cluster functionality - see [Cluster integration](https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/projects/8)
- Plugin/extension mechanism - see [Extension mechanism for plugins](https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/issues/177)
- Improved resource filtering/navigation - see [Resource Navigation](https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/projects/2)
- Improved Helm integration - see [Helm integration](https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/projects/12)

Don't hesitate to provide any feedback you might have to help us prioritize and improve our backlog!

## Getting involved

- We WANT and NEED your feedback please. Share ideas, suggestions, bug-reports or complaints on our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/uNuhy6GDyn)
- Check out our [Contributor Guide](https://github.com/kubeshop/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and
  [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/kubeshop/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
- Fork/Clone the repo and make sure you can run it as shown above
- Check out the [Development](docs/development.md) document for how to build and run Monokle from its source
- Check out the [Testing](docs/testing.md) document for how to build and run Monokle tests
- Check out the [Architecture](docs/architecture.md) document to get a high-level understanding of how Monokle works
- Check out the Roadmap above and open [issues](https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/issues) here on GitHub

Commit message:

docs: added document on contributing and fixed links/formatting

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="src/assets/MonokleLogoLight.svg#gh-light-mode-only" alt="Monokle Logo Light"/>
  <img src="src/assets/MonokleLogoDark.svg#gh-dark-mode-only" alt="Monokle Logo Dark" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://monokle.io">Website</a> |
  <a href="https://kubeshop.github.io/monokle/">Documentation</a> |
  <a href="https://discord.gg/uNuhy6GDyn">Discord</a> |
  <a href="https://kubeshop.io/blog">Blog</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  Welcome to Monokle 🧐 - your friendly desktop UI for managing k8s manifests!
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/releases/latest">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/kubeshop/monokle" alt="Latest Release" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/kubeshop/monokle" alt="License" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/kMJxmuYTMu">
    <img src="https://badgen.net/badge/icon/discord?icon=discord&label" alt="Discord" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/tags">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/kubeshop/monokle/monokle-build-nightly?label=nightly-build" alt="Nightly Build" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://snyk.io/test/github/kubeshop/monokle">
    <img src="https://snyk.io/test/github/kubeshop/monokle/badge.svg" alt="Snyk" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkFWg_S8eUA">
    <img src="docs/img/monokle-intro-thumbnail.png" alt="Monokle Overview" />
    <p align="center">Click on the image or this link to watch the "Intro to Monokle" short video (3 mins)</p>
  </a>
</p>

## Core Features

- ⚡ Quickly get a high-level view of your manifests, their contained resources and relationships
- 🖊️ Easily edit resources without having to learn or look up yaml syntax
- 🔨 Refactor resources with maintained integrity of names and references
- 📷 Preview and debug resources generated with kustomize or helm
- 🤝 Diff resources against your cluster and apply changes immediately
- 📚 Create multi-step forms using Monokle's templating system to quickly generate manifests
- 💡 And much more, check out the [Documentation](https://kubeshop.github.io/monokle/)

Read the [Feature Overview](https://kubeshop.github.io/monokle/features/) document or the [introductory blog-post](https://medium.com/kubeshop-i/hello-monokle-83ecb42f5d96) to get a quick intro and overview.

Read about the [latest 1.5.0 release](https://medium.com/kubeshop-i/monokle-1-5-0-release-kubeshop-95f574563c79)

## Download & Install

| <p align="center">Windows                                                                  | <p align="center">macOS                                                                    | <p align="center">Linux                                                                                                  |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| <p align="center"><img src="docs/img/windows.svg" height="50" width="50" /></p>            | <p align="center"><img src="docs/img/macos.svg" height="50" width="50" /></p>              | <p align="center"><img src="docs/img/linux.svg" height="50" width="50" /></p>                                            |
| <a href="https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/releases/latest">Download</a> the `.exe` file | <a href="https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/releases/latest">Download</a> the `.dmg` file | <a href="https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/releases/latest">Download</a> the `.appImage`/`.deb` file for your platform |

## Roadmap

There is a lot of functionality currently being considered:

- Creation of resources/projects - see [Resource creation/manipulation](https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/projects/4)
- Improved Cluster functionality - see [Cluster integration](https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/projects/8)
- Plugin/extension mechanism - see [Extension mechanism for plugins](https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/issues/177)
- Improved resource filtering/navigation - see [Resource Navigation](https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/projects/2)
- Improved Helm integration - see [Helm integration](https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle/projects/12)

Don't hesitate to provide any feedback you might have to help us prioritize and improve our backlog!

## Getting involved

- Share ideas, suggestions, bug-reports or complaints on our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/uNuhy6GDyn)
- Read about how to contribute [in our Documentation](https://kubeshop.github.io/monokle/contributing)
