docs/tutorials/how-to-navigate-and-edit-manifests.md, before:

# How to work with Manifests

In this Monokle tutorial, we will illustrate the steps to help you navigate K8s resources and edit their manifests. 

Let’s get started! 

## 1. Launch Monokle

Launch Monokle and click on the Browse button to add your project folder containing K8 resources. 

> Please see [Getting Started](../getting-started.md) for how to install Monokle 🚀

![Browse](img/browse-1.png)

## 2. Select your folder

Select your folder to parse its manifest in the file explorer. 

 ![Select Folder](img/select-folder-2.png)

In the file explorer, you can view manifests, including their resources, and their relationships.

> See [Resource Navigation](../resource-navigation.md) for more information on how to navigate resources.

## 3. Navigate manifests

Scroll up & down to navigate and select the required manifests. 

 ![File Explorer](img/file-explorer-3.gif)

Once you select a manifest, its related resources shall be highlighted automatically in the navigator. 

## 4. Navigate resource links

Click on outgoing and incoming links to navigate the corresponding resources. 

![Resource Link](img/resource-link-4.gif) 

> The warning triangle reflects that the link refers to broken resource links - see [Resource Links](../resource-navigation.md#resource-links)

 ![Broken Link](img/broken-link-5.png)

## 5. Select required resource

Select the required resource in the Navigator. 

 ![Resources](img/resources-6.png) 

Once you select a resource, its source code will be launched and highlighted automatically in the editor. 

Now you can edit the resource in the editor, any changes you make will be automatically saved.

> See [Resource Editing](../resource-editing.md) for more information on how to edit resources.

## 6. Editing your resource

Right-click on the editor to launch the editing menu.

 ![Command](img/command-7.png)

The editing menu includes the following options:

- **Go to Symbols:** Select the Go to Symbol option to perform a focused search of code for finding specified symbols quickly.
- **Change all occurrences:** Select the Change all Occurrences option to replace all string occurrences in the code with any other regular expression.
- **Format Document:** Select the Format Document option to organize the source code for better readability.  It addresses font size, spacing, margins, alignment, columns, indentation, and lists.
- **Cut:** Select the Cut option to delete the unnecessary data. After you cut the text, it gets stored in the clipboard so you can use it later.
- **Copy:** Select the Copy option to copy a piece of code. Thus you can reuse the code to save development time.
- **Paste:** Select the Paste option to paste a piece of code. It helps in reducing the repetition of efforts required to write and test code.
- **Command Palette:** Select the Command Palette option allows you to access keyboard shortcuts quickly for the most common operations.
- <em>**Note:** Editor provides autocomplete and autosave options.</em>

Thus, you can navigate K8s resources and edit their manifests.

Got queries? Please feel free to join our open source community on Discord with this [invite link](https://discord.gg/6zupCZFQbe) and start your discussion.

Commit message:

Monokle Documentation Update 17/02/2022
14 updates from "Monokle Documentation Review" and misc editing.

docs/tutorials/how-to-navigate-and-edit-manifests.md, after:

# How to Work with Manifests

In this Monokle tutorial, we will illustrate the steps to help you navigate K8s resources and edit their manifests. 

Let’s get started! 

## **1. Launch Monokle**

<em> **Note:** Please follow this [Getting Started](../getting-started.md) guide to install Monokle 🚀 </em>

Launch Monokle and. on the welcome screen, there are three options to start working on projects: 

- Select an existing folder.
- Create an empty project.
- Start from a template.

Click **Select an existing project** to add your project folder containg K8s resources.

![Browse](img/image-1-1.5.0.png)

## **2. Select Folder**

Select your folder to parse its manifest in the file explorer. 

 ![Select Folder](img/image-2-1.5.0.png)

In the file explorer, you can view manifests, including their resources, and their relationships.

## **3. Navigate Resource Manifests**

Scroll up & down to navigate and select the required manifests. 

 ![File Explorer](img/imaged-3-1.5.0.gif)

Once you select a manifest, its related resources shall be highlighted automatically in the navigator. 

> See [Resource Navigation](../resource-navigation.md) for more information on how to navigate resources.

## **4. Navigate resource links**

Click on outgoing and incoming links to navigate the corresponding resources. 

![Resource Link](img/resource-link-4.gif) 

> The warning triangle reflects that the link refers to broken resource links - see [Resource Links](../resource-navigation.md#resource-links)

 ![Broken Link](img/broken-link-5.png)

## **5. Select Required Resource**

Select the required resource in the Navigator. 

 ![Resources](img/resources-6-1.5.0.png) 

Once you select a resource, its source code will be launched and highlighted automatically in the editor. 

Now you can edit the resource in the editor and any changes you make will be automatically saved.

> See [Resource Editing](../resource-editing.md) for more information on how to edit resources.

## **6. Edit a Resource**

Right-click on the editor to launch the editing menu.

 ![Command](img/command-7.png)

The editing menu includes the following options:

- **Go to Symbols:** Select the Go to Symbol option to perform a focused search of code for finding specified symbols quickly.
- **Change All occurrences:** Select the Change All Occurrences option to replace all string occurrences in the code with any other regular expression.
- **Format Document:** Select the Format Document option to organize the source code for better readability.  It addresses font size, spacing, margins, alignment, columns, indentation, and lists.
- **Cut:** Select the Cut option to delete the unnecessary data. After you cut the text, it gets stored in the clipboard so you can use it later.
- **Copy:** Select the Copy option to copy a piece of code. Thus you can reuse the code to save development time.
- **Paste:** Select the Paste option to paste a piece of code. It helps in reducing the repetition of efforts required to write and test code.
- **Command Palette:** Select the Command Palette option allows you to access keyboard shortcuts quickly for the most common operations.
- <em>**Note:** Editor provides autocomplete and autosave options.</em>

## **Questions or Comments?**

Please feel free to join our open source community on Discord with this [Invite Link](https://discord.gg/6zupCZFQbe) and start your discussion.
