docs/tutorials/how-to-fix-broken-links.md, before:

# How to Fix Broken Links

In this Monokle tutorial, we have illustrated the steps to fix broken links. 

Let’s get started. 

## 1. Launch Monokle

Launch Monokle and click on the Browse button to add your project folder containing K8 resources. 

<em>**Note:** Please follow this [Getting Started](../getting-started.md) guide to install Monokle 🚀</em>

![Image 1](img/imaged-1.png)

## 2. Select Folder

Select your folder to parse its manifest in Monokle’s File Explorer. 

![Image 2](img/imaged-2.png)

In the file explorer, you can view manifests, including their resources, and their relationships.

## 3. Navigate resource manifests

Scroll up & down to navigate and select the required manifests. 

![Image 3](img/imaged-3.gif)

Once you select a manifest, its related resources shall be highlighted automatically in the navigator. 

![Image 4](img/imaged-4.png)

## 4. Find broken links

Scroll down in the navigator and hover over a resource link with a warning signal.

<em>**Note:** The link with a warning signal indicates that it’s broken</em>  

![Image 5](img/imaged-5.png)

## 5. Click on broken link

Click on the link provided in the tooltip.

<em>**Note:**  The source code for the specific resource will be highlighted automatically in the editor.</em> 

![Image 6](img/imaged-6.png)

## 6. Update the link in the source editor

Manually update the name of the highlighted dead endpoint with a working endpoint to fix dead-end broken links. 

![Image 7](img/imaged-7.png)

> The warning triangle will automatically go away once a valid link is provided.

Got queries? Please feel free to join our open source community on Discord with this invite link and start your discussion.

Commit message:

Monokle Documentation Update 17/02/2022
14 updates from "Monokle Documentation Review" and misc editing.

docs/tutorials/how-to-fix-broken-links.md, after:

# How to Fix Broken Links

In this Monokle tutorial, we will illustrate the steps to fix broken links. 

Let’s get started. 

## **1. Launch Monokle**

<em>**Note:** Please follow this [Getting Started](../getting-started.md) guide to install Monokle 🚀</em>

Launch Monokle and, on the welcome screen, there are three options to start working with projects: 

- Select an existing folder.
- Create an empty project.
- Start from a template.

Click **Select an existing project** to add your project folder containg K8s resources.

![Browse](img/image-1-1.5.0.png)

## **2. Select Folder**

Select your folder to parse its manifest in the file explorer. 

 ![Select Folder](img/image-2-1.5.0.png)

In the file explorer, you can view manifests, including their resources, and their relationships.

## **3. Navigate Resource Manifests**

Scroll up & down to navigate and select the required manifests. 

![Image 3](img/imaged-3-1.5.0.gif)

Once you select a manifest, its related resources shall be highlighted automatically in the navigator. 

![Image 4](img/imaged-4-1.5.0.png)

## **4. Find Broken Links**

Scroll down in the navigator and hover over a resource link with a warning signal.

<em>**Note:** The link with a warning signal indicates that it’s broken.</em>  

![Image 5](img/imaged-5-1.5.0.png)

## **5. Click on the Broken Link**

Click on the link provided in the tooltip.

<em>**Note:**  The source code for the specific resource will be highlighted automatically in the editor.</em> 

![Image 6](img/imaged-6-1.5.0.png)

## **6. Update the Link in the Source Editor**

Manually update the name of the highlighted dead endpoint with a working endpoint to fix the broken links. 

![Image 7](img/imaged-7-1.5.0.png)

<em> **Note:** The warning triangle will automatically go away once a valid link is provided. </em>

## **Questions or Comments?**

Please feel free to join our open source community on Discord with this [Invite Link](https://discord.gg/6zupCZFQbe) and start your discussion.
