**1. What are the prerequisites for using Monokle?**

You will need to install the following two prerequisites to successfully run Monokle:

1. Helm
2. Kubectl

**2. What OS does Monokle support?**

Monokle supports MacOS and Windows operating systems. To run Monokle on your Operating System, follow the steps as
outlined in this documentation.

**3. Why can’t I add any clusters?**

While adding new clusters, a valid Kubeconfig file is required. Please check if all the needed configuration settings
are present in the Kubeconfig file are valid or not. We can use validation tools like YAMLLint for that.

**4. Why is Kubectl required to run Monokle?**

You will need to install and configure kubectl for previewing the resources generated by Kustomize. It helps to debug
your configurations before you deploy them to your cluster.

**5. How to configure Helm repositories?**

Install Helm Charts for configuring its repositories. It contains resource definitions necessary to run editor or
service inside the Kubernetes cluster.

**6. Can I work on multiple projects simultaneously?**

You can launch multiple project windows using the New Monokle Windows option. It allows you to work on multiple folders
or clusters simultaneously thus visual navigation for the multiple pages becomes simpler and faster.

**7. Can I use Monokle with Minikube?**

Yes, you can use Monokle with Minikube. For local Kubernetes distributions, you can directly use Monokle which helps
manage resources, namespace isolation, and custom application catalogs.

**8. Is Monokle compatible with Flux/ArgoCD?**

Yes, Monokle is compatible with Flux/ArgoCD. It provides a single toolchain for continuous deployment and workflow
automation. It improves overall feature syncing frequency, performance, and efficiency.

**9. How to open Helm and Kustomization preview?**

You can navigate to the resources created by Kustomize or Helm in the navigator. Hover over the resources and hit the
preview button to view the source code in the editor.

**10. Why is Autocomplete not working in the editor?**

The source editor provides an auto-complete option for only native Kubernetes resources. Therefore, autocomplete feature
would not work with any other resource except the resources in the YAML manifests.

**11. How to save changes in the editor?**

Monokle source editor enables you to edit YAML manifests. The source editor automatically saves the current changes in
the code. It helps to reduce the risk of data loss, freeze, or user error.
