docs/index.md, before:

# Monokle

Welcome to Monokle - your friendly desktop UI for managing k8s manifests!

Monokle helps you to:

- Quickly get a high-level view of your manifests, their contained resources and relationships.
- Easily edit resources without having to learn or look up yaml syntax.
- Refactor resources with maintained integrity of names and references.
- Preview and debug resources generated with Kustomize or Helm.
- Diff resources against your cluster and apply changes immediately.
- Visualize and navigate resources in your clusters.
- And much more!

Check out the [Feature Overview](features.md) or watch the [Monokle 1.0 walkthrough video](https://youtu.be/9c80qj9NkQk)

[![Monokle 1.0 Walkthrough](img/monokle-overview.gif)](https://youtu.be/9c80qj9NkQk)

## Blog-posts

Check out the following blog-posts with Monokle-related content:

- 1.4.0 - [Release blog-post](https://medium.com/kubeshop-i/monokle-1-4-0-4122e88742c5) - Dec 15, 2021
- 1.3.0 - [Release blog-post](https://kubeshop.io/blog/monokle-1-3-0-cluster-compare) - Nov 15, 2021
- 1.2.0 - [Release blog-post](https://medium.com/kubeshop-i/monokle-1-2-0-is-out-2492341f0874) - Oct 4, 2021
- 1.1.0 - [Release blog-post](https://medium.com/kubeshop-i/monokle-1-1-0-93c5428b2967) - Sep 6, 2021
- 1.0.0 - [Initial release blog-post](https://medium.com/kubeshop-i/hello-monokle-83ecb42f5d96) - Aug 10, 2021

Commit message:

Update Monokle Tutorial Docs
Updated all Monokle Tutorial docs for the 1.5.0 release and added the 1.5.0 Walkthrough Video and Blog Post.

docs/index.md, after:

# Monokle

Welcome to Monokle - your friendly desktop UI for managing k8s manifests!

Monokle helps you to:

- Quickly get a high-level view of your manifests, their contained resources and relationships.
- Easily edit resources without having to learn or look up yaml syntax.
- Refactor resources with maintained integrity of names and references.
- Preview and debug resources generated with Kustomize or Helm.
- Diff resources against your cluster and apply changes immediately.
- Visualize and navigate resources in your clusters.
- And much more!

For further details on working with Monokle, read the [Feature Overview](features.md) document or watch the YouTube [Monokle Walkthrough Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPmLfmDztTc).

<!--[![Monokle Walkthrough](img/monokle-overview.gif)](https://youtu.be/SPmLfmDztTc)-->

## Blog-posts

Check out the following blog-posts with Monokle-related content:

- 1.5.0 - [Release blog-post](https://medium.com/kubeshop-imonokle-1-5-0-release-kubeshop-95f574563c79) - Feb 7, 2022
- 1.4.0 - [Release blog-post](https://medium.com/kubeshop-i/monokle-1-4-0-4122e88742c5) - Dec 15, 2021
- 1.3.0 - [Release blog-post](https://kubeshop.io/blog/monokle-1-3-0-cluster-compare) - Nov 15, 2021
- 1.2.0 - [Release blog-post](https://medium.com/kubeshop-i/monokle-1-2-0-is-out-2492341f0874) - Oct 4, 2021
- 1.1.0 - [Release blog-post](https://medium.com/kubeshop-i/monokle-1-1-0-93c5428b2967) - Sep 6, 2021
- 1.0.0 - [Initial release blog-post](https://medium.com/kubeshop-i/hello-monokle-83ecb42f5d96) - Aug 10, 2021
