docs/resource-editing.md, before:

# Resource Editing

Monokle allows you to edit resource manifests either in a Source Editor or a Form-based Editor which hides the underlying YAML complexity.

## Source Editor

Selecting either a file or resource will show its contents in the Source Editor to the right. The editor will syntax-highlight for
YAML and provide context-sensitive help and auto-complete functionality for standard Kubernetes objects.

Right-clicking in the editor shows a list of available commands. Pressing F1 opens its command-palette:

![Source Editor Command Palette](img/source-editor-command-palette.png)

### Editing Resources

When editing resources (not files), the editor is schema-aware for all native Kubernetes resources, which provides
auto-complete (Ctrl-Space) and context-sensitive hover documentation.

![Source Editor Auto Complete](img/source-editor-auto-complete.png)

![Source Editor Context Hover](img/source-editor-context-hover.png)

### Resource Links

Resource links are marked in the gutter and underlined in the Editor, with corresponding hover/popup windows to show linked resources:

![Source Editor Resource Links](img/source-editor-resource-links.png)

Broken links are shown with yellow triangles in the Editor as in the Navigator:

![Source Editor Broken Links](img/source-editor-broken-links.png)
  
## Add Resource

While using Monokle, you can directly add new K8s resources. Once you have browsed and added your project folder, click on the “New Resource” button at the top of the navigator to launch the “Add New Resource” dialog.

![Add Resource](img/add-resource-1.5.0.png)

For adding resources to new or existing files in the navigator, click on the Save button at the top-right corner of the interface.

![Resource save](img/add-resource-save.png)

While creating a resource, it is possible to select an existing resource as a template from the drop-down menu. 

![Resource template](img/template.png)



## Edit Resources in Cluster

You can easily view and edit resources from clusters. After making changes in a resource, you can quickly apply them back to the cluster.

![Resource cluster](img/resource-cluster.png)

### Saving changes

The [Save] button on top of the editor will be enabled only if valid changes have been made - invalid YAML will not be savable. Saving a resource will update the containing file correspondingly and recalculate all affected ingoing/outging links for
the resource.

### Editing Files

When editing files directly by selecting them in the File Explorer, the editor will not show any links or provide context-sensitive editing functionality.

## ConfigMap Properties Form

In version 1.4.0, Monokle shows properties for ConfigMap resources only:

![Form Editor](img/form-editor-1.4.0.png)

Clicking "ConfigMap" at the top of the Editor opens the  form fields editor for key ConfigMap properties, allowing you to edit/discover all available properties without 
having to learn or lookup the corresponding YAML/resource documentation. Any changes made and saved (with the Save button on the top right)
are written back to the underlying YAML. 

**Check out [this tutorial](tutorials/how-to-create-and-edit-configmap.md) for more details 
on how to use the Form Editor for ConfigMaps.**

## Rename Resource

You can rename resources and update all the references associated with that resource to ensure the integrity of that link.

![Rename Resource](img/rename.png)

## Clone Resource

You can use the Clone action to create a new resource by using existing resources as a template. 

![Clone Resource](img/clone.png)

## Delete Resource

You can use the Delete action in the cluster mode to delete the resource from the actual cluster. 

![Delete Resource](img/delete.png)

Commit message:

Monokle Features Update 18/01/2022
-Navigation history #172
-New Resource action/wizard #176
-File-actions in file explorer #179
-Hide empty sections in navigator #223
-Monokle script to run from shell #229
-Add splash-screen and update logo icon #231
-reload last folder/cluster on startup #317
-Apply Helm Chart / values-file #341
-open in finder/explorer action for files #507
-Automatically save new resources to current folder #543
-Better separate helm/kustomization resources in the UI #545
-Add resource-kind specific help links to editors #607

docs/resource-editing.md, after:

# Resource Editing

Monokle allows you to edit resource manifests either in a Source Editor or a Form-based Editor which hides the underlying YAML complexity.

## Source Editor

Selecting either a file or resource will show its contents in the Source Editor to the right. The editor will syntax-highlight for
YAML and provide context-sensitive help and auto-complete functionality for standard Kubernetes objects.

Right-clicking in the editor shows a list of available commands. Pressing F1 opens its command-palette:

![Source Editor Command Palette](img/source-editor-command-palette.png)

### Editing Resources

When editing resources (not files), the editor is schema-aware for all native Kubernetes resources, which provides
auto-complete (Ctrl-Space) and context-sensitive hover documentation.

![Source Editor Auto Complete](img/source-editor-auto-complete.png)

![Source Editor Context Hover](img/source-editor-context-hover.png)

### Resource Links

Resource links are marked in the gutter and underlined in the Editor, with corresponding hover/popup windows to show linked resources:

![Source Editor Resource Links](img/source-editor-resource-links.png)

Broken links are shown with yellow triangles in the Editor as in the Navigator:

![Source Editor Broken Links](img/source-editor-broken-links.png)

Hover over the broken link in the Editor to show the options for working with the broken link:

![Source Editor Broken Links](img/create-resource-from-unsatisfied-link-1.5.0.png)

When editing a resource, click on the document icon at the top right of the Editor pane to open the corresponding kubernetes documentation in a browser window:

![Source Editor Broken Links](img/resource-open-k8s-documentation-1.5.0.png)
  
## Add Resource

While using Monokle, you can directly add new K8s resources. Once you have browsed and added your project folder, click on the “New Resource” button at the top of the navigator to launch the “Add New Resource” dialog.

![Add Resource](img/add-resource-1.5.0.png)

For adding resources to new or existing files in the navigator, click on the Save button at the top-right corner of the interface.

![Resource save](img/add-resource-save.png)

While creating a resource, it is possible to select an existing resource as a template from the drop-down menu. 

![Resource template](img/template.png)



## Edit Resources in Cluster

You can easily view and edit resources from clusters. After making changes in a resource, you can quickly apply them back to the cluster.

![Resource cluster](img/resource-cluster.png)

### Saving changes

The [Save] button on top of the editor will be enabled only if valid changes have been made - invalid YAML will not be savable. Saving a resource will update the containing file correspondingly and recalculate all affected ingoing/outging links for
the resource.

### Editing Files

When editing files directly by selecting them in the File Explorer, the editor will not show any links or provide context-sensitive editing functionality.

## ConfigMap Properties Form

In version 1.4.0, Monokle shows properties for ConfigMap resources only:

![Form Editor](img/form-editor-1.4.0.png)

Clicking "ConfigMap" at the top of the Editor opens the  form fields editor for key ConfigMap properties, allowing you to edit/discover all available properties without 
having to learn or lookup the corresponding YAML/resource documentation. Any changes made and saved (with the Save button on the top right)
are written back to the underlying YAML. 

**Check out [this tutorial](tutorials/how-to-create-and-edit-configmap.md) for more details 
on how to use the Form Editor for ConfigMaps.**

## Rename Resource

You can rename resources and update all the references associated with that resource to ensure the integrity of that link.

![Rename Resource](img/rename.png)

## Clone Resource

You can use the Clone action to create a new resource by using existing resources as a template. 

![Clone Resource](img/clone.png)

## Delete Resource

You can use the Delete action in the cluster mode to delete the resource from the actual cluster. 

![Delete Resource](img/delete.png)
