docs/resource-navigation.md, before:

# Resource Navigation

Resources can be loaded either from the file system or a configured cluster. 
- Selecting the "Browse" button in the File Explorer prompts for a folder containing resource manifests
- Selecting "Show Cluster Objects" in the Cluster Explorer loads available resources using the configured kubeconfig  
  variable, see [Cluster Preview](cluster-preview.md) for more details

Once selecting a folder the File Explorer and Navigators will be populated accordingly: 


## File Explorer

- The File Explorer now shows all files parsed in the specified folder
  - excluded files are greyed out
  - files containing resource manifests have a number displayed after them, showing the number of 
    resources found in that file

Selecting a file will highlight contained resources in the Navigator and attempt to scroll them into view. The contents of the 
file will be shown in the source editor to the right - allowing for direct editing of the file.

![File Explorer Navigation](img/resource-navigation-2.png)

In this screenshot
- the argo-rollouts-aggregate-roles.yaml file is selected - the "3" after the filename indicates it contains 3 kubernetes resources
- the 3 ClusterRole resources in thie file are highlighed in the Navigator in the middle
- the contents of the file are shown in the editor to the right

## Navigator

The Navigator shows all resources found recursively in the selected folder. Resources are grouped into sections/subsections based
on their usage in Kubernetes. Selecting a resource automatically highlights both the file containing that resource and
any other resourced linked to the selected one:

![Resource Navigation](img/resource-navigation-1.png)

In this screenshot 
- the `argo-rollouts-metrics` service is selected
- the associated `argo-rollouts-metrics-service.yaml` file is highlighted to the left
- the linked `argo-rollouts` Deployment (via the selector in the Service manifest) is highlighted 
- the Service manifest is shown in the editor to the right (with highlighting of the link to the Deployment on line 16)

## Resource Links

Links between resources are indicated by link icons to the left and right each resource name:
- Links to the left indicate there are incoming link to the resource, for example a ConfigMap might
  have an incoming link from a Deployment
- Links to the right indicate there are outgoing links from the resource, for example a Service might have a
  selector that selects a Deployment

Hovering over a link icon will show a popup with all links (either incoming or outgoing) allowing you to click on 
a link to take you to that resource in the navigator:

![Resource Links Popup](img/resource-links-popup.png)

Here the popup shows the outgoing link from the `argo-rollouts-metrics` Service to the `argo-rollouts Deployment 
(via the selector in the Service manifest)

If a link is "unfulfilled", i.e. not referring to any object currently in the navigator it is marked with a warning 
triangle - making it easy to identify broken resource-links in your manifests:

![Resource Navigator Broken Links](img/navigator-broken-links.png)

In this screenshot the `argo-rollouts-role-binding` RoleBinding contains a reference to an `argo-rollouts-role` Role, which
doesn't exist in the current manifests.

## Supported Resource links

Monokle currently finds and visualizes the following links between kubernetes resources - please let us know if
we missed something or got it wrong!

| Resource Type | Outgoing Link(s) identified |
|:-------------|:---------------------------|
| Secret | `metadata.annotations.kubernetes.io/service-account.name` => ServiceAccount `metadata.name` (optional)
| Service |  `content.spec.selector` =>  Deployment `spec.template.metadata.labels``
| PodSpec in Deployment / Pod / DaemonSet / Job / StatefulSet / ReplicaSet / CronJob / ReplicationController |  `..configMapRef.name` => ConfigMap `metadata.name`, `..configMapKeyRef.name` => ConfigMap `metadata.name`, `..volumes[*].configMap.name` => ConfigMap `metadata.name`, `..volumes[*].secret.secretMame` => Secret `metadata.name`, `..secretKeyRef.name` => Secret `metadata.name`, `..imagePullSecrets` => Secret `metadata.name`, `..serviceAccountName` => ServiceAccount `metadata.name` 
| ServiceAccount | `..secrets` => Secret `metadata.name` 
| PersistentVolume | `spec.claimRef.name` => PersistentVolumeClaim `metadata.name`
| PersistentVolumeClaim| `spec.volumeName` => PersistentVolume `metadata.name`
| Endpoints| `metadata.name`  => Service `metadata.name`
| ClusterRoleBinding| `roleRef.name` => ClusterRole `metadata.name`
| RoleBinding| `roleRef.name` => ClusterRoleBinding or Role `metadata.name`
| Ingress| `..backend.service.name` => Service `metadata.name`, `..resource.*` => any object in same namespace

Commit message:

docs: added info on folder sync/refresh

docs/resource-navigation.md, after:

# Resource Navigation

Resources can be loaded either from the file system or a configured cluster. 
- Selecting the "Browse" button in the File Explorer prompts for a folder containing resource manifests
- Selecting "Show Cluster Objects" in the Cluster Explorer loads available resources using the configured kubeconfig  
  variable, see [Cluster Preview](cluster-preview.md) for more details

Once selecting a folder the File Explorer and Navigators will be populated accordingly. Monokle will attempt to synchronize 
automatically with any external file/folder changes made in the selected folder, but the Refresh button next to the Browse button
allows for manual reloading of the folder if needed.

## File Explorer

- The File Explorer now shows all files parsed in the specified folder
  - excluded files are greyed out
  - files containing resource manifests have a number displayed after them, showing the number of 
    resources found in that file

Selecting a file will highlight contained resources in the Navigator and attempt to scroll them into view. The contents of the 
file will be shown in the source editor to the right - allowing for direct editing of the file.

![File Explorer Navigation](img/resource-navigation-2.png)

In this screenshot
- the argo-rollouts-aggregate-roles.yaml file is selected - the "3" after the filename indicates it contains 3 kubernetes resources
- the 3 ClusterRole resources in thie file are highlighed in the Navigator in the middle
- the contents of the file are shown in the editor to the right

## Navigator

The Navigator shows all resources found recursively in the selected folder. Resources are grouped into sections/subsections based
on their usage in Kubernetes. Selecting a resource automatically highlights both the file containing that resource and
any other resourced linked to the selected one:

![Resource Navigation](img/resource-navigation-1.png)

In this screenshot 
- the `argo-rollouts-metrics` service is selected
- the associated `argo-rollouts-metrics-service.yaml` file is highlighted to the left
- the linked `argo-rollouts` Deployment (via the selector in the Service manifest) is highlighted 
- the Service manifest is shown in the editor to the right (with highlighting of the link to the Deployment on line 16)

## Resource Links

Links between resources are indicated by link icons to the left and right each resource name:
- Links to the left indicate there are incoming link to the resource, for example a ConfigMap might
  have an incoming link from a Deployment
- Links to the right indicate there are outgoing links from the resource, for example a Service might have a
  selector that selects a Deployment

Hovering over a link icon will show a popup with all links (either incoming or outgoing) allowing you to click on 
a link to take you to that resource in the navigator:

![Resource Links Popup](img/resource-links-popup.png)

Here the popup shows the outgoing link from the `argo-rollouts-metrics` Service to the `argo-rollouts Deployment 
(via the selector in the Service manifest)

If a link is "unfulfilled", i.e. not referring to any object currently in the navigator it is marked with a warning 
triangle - making it easy to identify broken resource-links in your manifests:

![Resource Navigator Broken Links](img/navigator-broken-links.png)

In this screenshot the `argo-rollouts-role-binding` RoleBinding contains a reference to an `argo-rollouts-role` Role, which
doesn't exist in the current manifests.

## Supported Resource links

Monokle currently finds and visualizes the following links between kubernetes resources - please let us know if
we missed something or got it wrong!

| Resource Type | Outgoing Link(s) identified |
|:-------------|:---------------------------|
| Secret | `metadata.annotations.kubernetes.io/service-account.name` => ServiceAccount `metadata.name` (optional)
| Service |  `content.spec.selector` =>  Deployment `spec.template.metadata.labels``
| PodSpec in Deployment / Pod / DaemonSet / Job / StatefulSet / ReplicaSet / CronJob / ReplicationController |  `..configMapRef.name` => ConfigMap `metadata.name`, `..configMapKeyRef.name` => ConfigMap `metadata.name`, `..volumes[*].configMap.name` => ConfigMap `metadata.name`, `..volumes[*].secret.secretMame` => Secret `metadata.name`, `..secretKeyRef.name` => Secret `metadata.name`, `..imagePullSecrets` => Secret `metadata.name`, `..serviceAccountName` => ServiceAccount `metadata.name` 
| ServiceAccount | `..secrets` => Secret `metadata.name` 
| PersistentVolume | `spec.claimRef.name` => PersistentVolumeClaim `metadata.name`
| PersistentVolumeClaim| `spec.volumeName` => PersistentVolume `metadata.name`
| Endpoints| `metadata.name`  => Service `metadata.name`
| ClusterRoleBinding| `roleRef.name` => ClusterRole `metadata.name`
| RoleBinding| `roleRef.name` => ClusterRoleBinding or Role `metadata.name`
| Ingress| `..backend.service.name` => Service `metadata.name`, `..resource.*` => any object in same namespace
