docs/templates.md, before:

## What is a Monokle Template?

A Monokle Template is a mechanism for creating visual forms and interpolating the data 
from those forms into one or multiple manifests.

For each form, we must define the JSON schema of the data to use as an input and a 
UI-schema for customizing the visuals of the forms (for example, specifying which widgets should be used).

Monokle uses the [React-Schema-Form component](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form) to render
template forms for the provided schemas, read more
in [their documentation](https://react-jsonschema-form.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
on how to further work with forms, schemas and ui-schemas.

Any folder that contains a `monokle-template.json` file can be a template.

## What is the structure of `monokle-template.json` for a valid Monokle Template?

Here’s an example of a template that creates a Pod:
https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle-default-templates-plugin/blob/main/basic-pod-template/monokle-template.json

```json
{
  "name": "Basic Kubernetes Pod",
  "id": "io.kubeshop.monokle.templates.default.basic-pod-template",
  "author": "kubeshop.io",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "Creates a Pod for a specified Image",
  "repository": "",
  "type": "vanilla",
  "forms": [
    {
      "name": "Pod Settings",
      "description": "Specify the Image to use",
      "schema": "form-schema.json",
      "uiSchema": "form-ui-schema.json"
    }
  ],
  "manifests": [
    {
      "filePath": "template.yaml"
    }
  ],
  "resultMessage": "Pod resource created successfully!",
  "helpUrl": "https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle-default-templates-plugin"
}
```

The `name`, `id`, `author`, `version`, `description`, `type` and `forms` properties are required. All types of templates have these properties.

In the above example, the type of the template is `"vanilla"`.

## What does a form schema look like?

The format of form schemas is JSON schema.
This defines how the data of the form will be sent to the template manifests.

```json
{
  "type": "object",
  "required": ["name", "image"],
  "properties": {
    "name": {
      "type": "string",
      "default": "my-pod"
    },
    "namespace": {
      "type": "string"
    },
    "image": {
      "type": "string"
    }
  }
}
```

## What does a form UI schema look like?

Example:

```json
{
  "name": {
    "ui:title": "Name",
    "ui:help": "The name of the Pod"
  },
  "namespace": {
    "ui:title": "Namespace",
    "ui:help": "The target namespace for the Pod",
    "ui:widget": "namespaceSelection"
  },
  "image": {
    "ui:title": "Image",
    "ui:help": "The image name to use for the Pod, for example nginx-ingress:latest"
  }
}
```

The role of this form is to specify information about how to render the form.

Monokle 1.5.0 provides a number of custom form widgets to provide a better user experience:

- `namespaceSelection`: Shows a dropdown with all namespaces in the current set of resources.
- `apiGroupSelection`: Shows a dropdown with all apiGroups known by Monokle.
- `podSelectSelection`: Shows a dropdown with all labels assigned to any pods or pod-specs in the current set of resources.
- `resourceSelection`: Shows a dropdown with resource names from the current set of resources. This can be narrowed down by 
  adding a ui:options.resourceKinds property containing a |-separated string of desired resourceKinds. 

For example:

```json
{
  "targetClusterRole": {
    "ui:title": "Target ClusterRole",
    "ui:help": "The ClusterRole to bind to the created ServiceAccount",
    "ui:widget": "resourceSelection",
    "ui:options": {
      "resourceKinds": "ClusterRole"
    }
  }
}
```

All these widgets allow entry of custom values - i.e. none require you to select a known value.

## Property interpolation

Monokle uses [_lodash.template](https://lodash.com/docs/4.17.15#template) for property interpolation, using
`[[` and `]]` as escape delimiters.

For the JSON Schema example above example, if this form is the first one in the `forms` array 
from `monokle-template.json`, then we will be able to use the values in the template manifests:

```yaml
propertyOne: [[forms[0].name]]
propertyTwo: [[forms[0].namespace]]
otherProperty: [[forms[0].image]]
```

## What types of templates exist?

Monokle 1.5.0 introduces vanilla templates and referenced Helm Chart templates.

### Vanilla Templates

The `type` property from `monokle-template.json` is "vanilla".

In vanilla templates, we must provide the manifests that will be generated as an output.
For example, here is a simple template manifest example:

`deployment.yaml`

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
metadata:
kind: Deployment
name: [[forms[0].name]]

```

The `[[forms[0].name]]` parameter will be interpolated based on the input received from the form.
In this specific example, the value of the `name` property from the first form will be inserted.

Using the `manifests` property from the monokle-template file, specify the above template manifest like this:

```json
{
  "manifests": [
    {
      "filePath": "deployment.yaml"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Referenced Helm Chart Templates
 
The value of the `type` property from `monokle-template.json` is `"helm-chart"`.

Example of `monokle-template.json`:

```json
{
  "name": "Minecraft Server (Test Plugin)",
  "id": "com.github.devcatalin.monokle-test-plugin.minecraft",
  "author": "Catalin",
  "version": "1.0.1",
  "description": "Create your own Minecraft server",
  "type": "helm-chart",
  "forms": [
    {
      "name": "Minecraft Server",
      "description": "Default settings for your Minecraft Server",
      "schema": "form-schema.json",
      "uiSchema": "form-ui-schema.json"
    }
  ],
  "valuesFilePath": "values.yaml",
  "chartName": "minecraft",
  "chartVersion": "3.6.1",
  "chartRepo": "https://itzg.github.io/minecraft-server-charts/",
  "helpUrl": "https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/minecraft-server-charts/minecraft"
}
```

In this example, we can see the first part of the file looks similar to the vanilla templates. However, for Helm chart templates we do not specify a `manifests` array, we specify information about the chart.

The properties `chartName`, `chartVersion`, `chartRepo` are required to identify the helm chart.

This type of template must bundle a `values.yaml` file that can contain properties that will be interpolated with values from the forms.

For example, we could have the following `values.yaml` in the template folder:

`values.yaml`

```yaml
version: [[forms[0].version]]
maxPlayers: [[forms[0].maxPlayers]]
```

In the `monokle-template.json` example from above, we notice a `valuesFilePath` that specifies the path to the values file. This file will be interpolated with values from the forms and used by Helm to generate the output resources.

### <a name="installation">How do I install a Template?</a>

Templates can be installed via Plugins.  
Read the [How to install a Plugin](./plugins.md#installation) section from [Plugins Overview](./plugins.md).
Note: A plugin can contain one or multiple templates.

## Default Monokle Templates

Monokle includes a default set of templates which are installed automatically when starting Monokle
for the first time and available in the Templates Explorer when working with your Monokle projects:

![Default Templates](img/default-templates.png)

Check out the [Monokle Default Templates Plugin](https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle-default-templates-plugin) repository to 
see which templates that are included and their corresponding schemas and manifests.

Commit message:

docs: added some more links and a subsection for our custom widgets

docs/templates.md, after:

## What is a Monokle Template?

A Monokle Template is a mechanism for creating visual forms and interpolating the data 
from those forms into one or multiple manifests.

For each form, we must define the JSON schema of the data to use as an input and a 
UI-schema for customizing the visuals of the forms (for example, specifying which widgets should be used).

Monokle uses the [React-Schema-Form component](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form) to render
template forms for the provided schemas, read more
in [their documentation](https://react-jsonschema-form.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
on how to further work with forms, schemas and ui-schemas.

Any folder that contains a `monokle-template.json` file can be a template.

## What is the structure of `monokle-template.json` for a valid Monokle Template?

Here’s an example of a template that creates a Pod:
https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle-default-templates-plugin/blob/main/basic-pod-template/monokle-template.json

```json
{
  "name": "Basic Kubernetes Pod",
  "id": "io.kubeshop.monokle.templates.default.basic-pod-template",
  "author": "kubeshop.io",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "Creates a Pod for a specified Image",
  "repository": "",
  "type": "vanilla",
  "forms": [
    {
      "name": "Pod Settings",
      "description": "Specify the Image to use",
      "schema": "form-schema.json",
      "uiSchema": "form-ui-schema.json"
    }
  ],
  "manifests": [
    {
      "filePath": "template.yaml"
    }
  ],
  "resultMessage": "Pod resource created successfully!",
  "helpUrl": "https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle-default-templates-plugin"
}
```

The `name`, `id`, `author`, `version`, `description`, `type` and `forms` properties are required. All types of templates have these properties.

In the above example, the type of the template is `"vanilla"`.

## What does a form schema look like?

The format of form schemas is [JSON schema](https://json-schema.org/).
This defines which data that will be sent to the template manifests.

```json
{
  "type": "object",
  "required": ["name", "image"],
  "properties": {
    "name": {
      "type": "string",
      "default": "my-pod"
    },
    "namespace": {
      "type": "string"
    },
    "image": {
      "type": "string"
    }
  }
}
```

## What does a form UI schema look like?

Example:

```json
{
  "name": {
    "ui:title": "Name",
    "ui:help": "The name of the Pod"
  },
  "namespace": {
    "ui:title": "Namespace",
    "ui:help": "The target namespace for the Pod",
    "ui:widget": "namespaceSelection"
  },
  "image": {
    "ui:title": "Image",
    "ui:help": "The image name to use for the Pod, for example nginx-ingress:latest"
  }
}
```

The role of this form is to specify information about how to render the form - read more about ui-schemas in the 
[UI-Schema Documentation](https://react-jsonschema-form.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api-reference/uiSchema/) 

### Custom Form Widgets 

Monokle 1.5.0 provides a number of [custom form widgets](https://react-jsonschema-form.readthedocs.io/en/latest/advanced-customization/custom-widgets-fields/) to provide a better user experience:

- `namespaceSelection`: Shows a dropdown with all namespaces in the current set of resources.
- `apiGroupSelection`: Shows a dropdown with all apiGroups known by Monokle.
- `podSelectSelection`: Shows a dropdown with all labels assigned to any pods or pod-specs in the current set of resources.
- `resourceSelection`: Shows a dropdown with resource names from the current set of resources. This can be narrowed down by 
  adding a ui:options.resourceKinds property containing a |-separated string of desired resourceKinds. 

For example:

```json
{
  "targetClusterRole": {
    "ui:title": "Target ClusterRole",
    "ui:help": "The ClusterRole to bind to the created ServiceAccount",
    "ui:widget": "resourceSelection",
    "ui:options": {
      "resourceKinds": "ClusterRole"
    }
  }
}
```

All these widgets allow entry of custom values - i.e. none require you to select a known value.

## Property interpolation

Monokle uses [_lodash.template](https://lodash.com/docs/4.17.15#template) for property interpolation, using
`[[` and `]]` as escape delimiters.

For the JSON Schema example above example, if this form is the first one in the `forms` array 
from `monokle-template.json`, then we will be able to use the values in the template manifests:

```yaml
propertyOne: [[forms[0].name]]
propertyTwo: [[forms[0].namespace]]
otherProperty: [[forms[0].image]]
```

## What types of templates exist?

Monokle 1.5.0 introduces vanilla templates and referenced Helm Chart templates.

### Vanilla Templates

The `type` property from `monokle-template.json` is "vanilla".

In vanilla templates, we must provide the manifests that will be generated as an output.
For example, here is a simple template manifest example:

`deployment.yaml`

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
metadata:
kind: Deployment
name: [[forms[0].name]]

```

The `[[forms[0].name]]` parameter will be interpolated based on the input received from the form.
In this specific example, the value of the `name` property from the first form will be inserted.

Using the `manifests` property from the monokle-template file, specify the above template manifest like this:

```json
{
  "manifests": [
    {
      "filePath": "deployment.yaml"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Referenced Helm Chart Templates
 
The value of the `type` property from `monokle-template.json` is `"helm-chart"`.

Example of `monokle-template.json`:

```json
{
  "name": "Minecraft Server (Test Plugin)",
  "id": "com.github.devcatalin.monokle-test-plugin.minecraft",
  "author": "Catalin",
  "version": "1.0.1",
  "description": "Create your own Minecraft server",
  "type": "helm-chart",
  "forms": [
    {
      "name": "Minecraft Server",
      "description": "Default settings for your Minecraft Server",
      "schema": "form-schema.json",
      "uiSchema": "form-ui-schema.json"
    }
  ],
  "valuesFilePath": "values.yaml",
  "chartName": "minecraft",
  "chartVersion": "3.6.1",
  "chartRepo": "https://itzg.github.io/minecraft-server-charts/",
  "helpUrl": "https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/minecraft-server-charts/minecraft"
}
```

In this example, we can see the first part of the file looks similar to the vanilla templates. However, for Helm chart templates we do not specify a `manifests` array, we specify information about the chart.

The properties `chartName`, `chartVersion`, `chartRepo` are required to identify the helm chart.

This type of template must bundle a `values.yaml` file that can contain properties that will be interpolated with values from the forms.

For example, we could have the following `values.yaml` in the template folder:

`values.yaml`

```yaml
version: [[forms[0].version]]
maxPlayers: [[forms[0].maxPlayers]]
```

In the `monokle-template.json` example from above, we notice a `valuesFilePath` that specifies the path to the values file. This file will be interpolated with values from the forms and used by Helm to generate the output resources.

### <a name="installation">How do I install a Template?</a>

Templates can be installed via Plugins.  
Read the [How to install a Plugin](./plugins.md#installation) section from [Plugins Overview](./plugins.md).
Note: A plugin can contain one or multiple templates.

## Default Monokle Templates

Monokle includes a default set of templates which are installed automatically when starting Monokle
for the first time and available in the Templates Explorer when working with your Monokle projects:

![Default Templates](img/default-templates.png)

Check out the [Monokle Default Templates Plugin](https://github.com/kubeshop/monokle-default-templates-plugin) repository to 
see which templates that are included and their corresponding schemas and manifests.
